# Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 14, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

We expressly and strictly limit use of the Service to adults over 18 years of age or the age of majority in the individual's jurisdiction, whichever is greater. Anyone under this age is strictly forbidden from using the Service. We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not attained this age.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to oldventura.

* Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

* Country refers to: Turkey

* Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* Service refers to the Website.

* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, page visit count).

* Website refers to indirbeni, accessible from https://indirbeni.herokuapp.com/

* You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## About Data
**WE DON'T WANT YOUR DATA**

* The only statistics tracked for indirbeni are the visits to the public website and the download counts.
* We use Google AdSense, therefore Google may use advertising cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the website. These cookies are used to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
* Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting [www.aboutads.info](www.aboutads.info).)
* As soon you download some content from reddit using this website, it sends you the file without sending statistics anywhere. There is no server to connect to, no infrastructure to bring down, and no logging from indirbeni's side of anything you do within the app, and there never will be.

### About the Content on the Website
We don't store, copy or provide any content on the website. When a user enters an URL, the content provided is actually the content that is shared on Reddit's Servers. We just provide a way of directly downloading the content. Therefore we are not responsible for any content downloaded from our website.

### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability
